hey YouTube Dawson Ryder here with a
review of the gosei great megazord and
the Gosei grand Megazord figures of the
reason they're called that which seems
where there's an explanation for it is
because this basically used to be the
retrofire line but I guess they retcon
that title and so these are just by the
regular names so much so that on some
Amazon listing without proper pictures
made people think that they were on sale
for cheap early know the larger versions
anyhow I'll go ahead and we'll just jump
right into this with we'll start with go
say great sand sea comes first so with
this you obviously get the figure itself
and then I'm not gonna show the
packaging I only brought this in this
little part because I don't know I
thought it was neat because you just
shows this gosei great megazord there's
no retro file title or anything you got
the picture of him here and the main
reason I brought it in is because this
shows a little picture of the figure
which appears to be one of the you know
earlier images and it looks a little
more stylized the body primarily looks
the same but if you can see the little
like wings on his helmet are a little
longer so that's the only reason I
brought that in to show and then it does
come with a card here this is gosei
great megazord and then action pose will
show it sounds real quick in the ghost
and Walker to get started so it does
make a Megazord pass does go sick
grounds
fans I will show it anyway so anyway
let's go ahead and we'll take a look at
the figure first first going off the
details so the head sculpt I have to say
is pretty nice-looking I think they did
a really good job on it um it's less
retrofire I guess that's probably why
they are doing away with the name cuz I
guess they're just gonna make a more
accurate I'm just assuming for all we
know the next batch could be completely
stylized but they did a really good job
on the helmet but portions look good the
face is very nicely painted drove all
these little details in it it just
overall looks really good the paint on
the dragon is pretty solid you got his
eyes and whatnot and its overall nicely
done it does look a little funny look
like this straight and pretty black down
here his wings here all painted fine for
whatever reason they can come off
his arms are also fine there's nothing
too spectacular to him but they get the
job done
you know Pink's is primarily white with
the pink stripe I me got blues here
which is primarily blue and silver he
does have eyes here and as is this one
and then it's legs are pretty bland I
have to say pretty much all solid colors
which I guess is fine but their faces
here aren't really painted which isn't
that huge of a deal for like Bandai of
America toys but I feel like they could
have at least included eyes or something
to make them seem a little less cheap
like it looks all fine until you get
down here where it looks cheaper under
the bag there's not much to tell
obviously as you saw that it does come
with a sword here which at least is
painted which is because it's part of it
I'm hoping so but it's primarily red and
then you get like the black here but so
it looks just fine it is a bit stylized
because you know the other one seems a
little bit bigger so this just seems a
little stylized to me articulation wise
you do get a nice 360 joint here and you
do get a single elbow joint here as well
as some swiveling here in the upper arm
which is nice and you have the same
exact articulation on the other arm
which is fantastic considering this line
went back on his retro fire and stuff
had a tendency to have different arms
this the head joint is on a nice little
like I think it's a ball joint here so
you can get your 360 creepy action and
then you can do up and down movement
here which is really nice which you know
for bandit America figures it's nice to
be able to get up and down movement so
you can do stuff like that and then you
down at the legs you get a nice ball
joint here for some great all-around
movement hustling here double knee joint
double knees right I'm sorry you should
say that single knee joint now you do
get some swelling as well the foot here
can also be moved down and up a little
bit and that real side-to-side or
anything there are some swiveling here
at the waist so overall pretty solidly
articulated for an American figure
nothing like figure arts level but
overall pretty good let us put the sword
back in them and luckily there's no
loose joint problems with mine so that
is good so now we will set him back here
looking all cool and now we have the
ghost 8 grand Megazord
and just nothing really too much here
that looks pretty much the same as the
picture I would say these are a little
bit bigger but that could just be me but
I just wanted to show that just just in
case he also comes with a card
Gosei grand Megazord and sort of a pose
and just to prove its you can tell by
the barcode it's gonna be the same thing
but yep same exact deal yo okay so now
we will take a look at him here's his
head sculpt once again pretty nicely
done I think they did a good job on the
paint details
they even got his face all detailed in
here his face looks a little funny to me
but that could just be me but they did a
real good job on the head sculpt overall
nicely painted and whatnot his arms are
also very nicely painted you got details
on the wheels I could see them easily
haven't left out like these red rims
here so that that looked a little blank
er but they've got all the details
pretty solid on these I think it looks
pretty nice chest paint looks good
it's kind of got a shine to it there's
not really a whole lot to his paint but
they did a good job on detailing it up
here in the upper body
I'm his legs down here they look a
little less plain than the ghost leg
grates legs just because of like the
general designs here but then you get
down to the faces and they're yet again
to have like eyes or something I feel
like they could just add a smidge more
detail to these to make them seem a
little bit better but overall he's a
solid looking figure here's the back and
you know the reason I think they could
add pain is because usually all of their
bent end figures are really well painted
so I'm not sure why they always like
skimp on various PR paints but whatever
articulation is primarily the same you
have this nice bald round is a head so
you can do creepy actors and stuff again
and move his head up and down on a nice
joint here can like a little awkward of
this one and then you got a nice 360
joint here you got swiveling on the
upper arm upper arm single elbow joint
here you have swiveling at his fist
which I forgot to mention Gosei great
also has sorry about that I mean just
swiveling at the waist here nice 360 leg
joint single single this is an elbow
right here
yep anatomy
but uh yeah single knee joint and his
feet also do move down so pretty solid
just like the other one some solid
articulation going on pretty nice so
overall I'm pretty pleased with these
figures they're two nice little figures
the details on them are pretty solid the
articulation is nice at least for these
two they seem to have finally matched up
the arm joints so that they are the same
instead of having one that's like stuck
or something so that's great so if
you're looking for some cool poseable
Megazord figures I can recommend these I
think they're both solid shakers and I
enjoy them quite a bit
I do wish they would add a smidge more
paint to them but other than that I do
like them and of course you get more
cards for year
Gosei more fur but so yeah that's about
it um until next time make sure you
check out riders range rambles comm for
the crazy podcast til next time this is
Dawson Ryder signing out